Overlays: describe container and position options in more details (#3526)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxLoadPanel/1 Configuration/container.md

Specifies the UI component's container.

---
The UI component defines the default container on its initialization. This default container can be one of the following (if the element is absent, the component selects the next one):
- [color swatch container](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/#Color_Swatches) 
- **.dx-viewport** 
- **body**

> If you set this property to the particular element, the [shading]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#shading) applies to this element. The {WidgetName} calculates its size relatively to this element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set this property to a specific element, the [shading]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#shading) applies to this element. The {WidgetName} calculates its size relative to the element.
```
